# High-Level Approach
My approach was to split the different operations into individual execution paths. After the program identifies which operation was requested it parses the parameters passed with it. There is error handling implemented for the different possible parameter errors. Each operation has an associated function. Some require multiple function calls. For example a mv call requires a retr and dele function call. Lower level requirements such as pasv or upload and download prerequisites are called within their respective functions. Uploading and downloading is distiguished based on whether the link or path shows up first in the arguments. If the url is first and path second then the progam sends a download request else it sends an upload request. More specific send and receive functions were required for the type of data being transmitted by the data and control channels. Important variables command line and others are stored in a dictionary that is passed around and provides important information to almost every function.

# Challenges
I didn't know that I had to implement two different receiving functions. I realized that when trying to transfer files the signal of termination wouldn't register. Messages from the server all terminated with \r\n but not necessarily for data like an image which could also be sent by the server. I implemented a receiving function that used a chunk == to 0 bytes or None as my signal for termination.

It was difficult understanding whether to upload or download files. I also initially did not make the connection that mv and copy have to be able to use both upload and download. I have a dictionary that carries several important status variables called connect that I stored the upload or download status in. This was used to decice whether to call retr or stor.

# Testing
Command line testing was done with all of the different operations. I tried entering invalid combinations of parameters as well as entering files instead of directories and vice versa where required. I tested different exceptions and tried to get them to trigger with a variety of function calls. I verified manually on the server that different operations executed the way they did in the terminal. I made sure that the mv operation copied then removed the files and the cp operation only copied the files. 